HTTP UA Client Hint headers (#11191)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/sec-ch-ua-full-version-list/index.md

---
title: Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List
slug: Web/HTTP/Headers/Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List
tags:
  - Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List
  - Client hint
  - HTTP
  - HTTP Header
  - Reference
  - Request header
  - Exerimental
browser-compat: http.headers.Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List
---
{{HTTPSidebar}} {{SeeCompatTable}} {{securecontext_header}}

> The **`Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List`** [user agent client hint](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Client_hints#user-agent_client_hints) request header provides the user-agent's branding and full semantic version information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List`** [user agent client hint](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Client_hints#user-agent_client_hints) request header provides the user-agent's branding and full version information.
```

Semantic versioning is a [specific thing](https://semver.org/) that browsers don't necessarily use (and in face most don't).

There are a few other usages in this page that should be fixed too.

Author: I'm happy to remove, but in fact the string returned appears to actually be a that "specific thing" - i.e. the major.minor.patch format. Happy to remove though - I could be wrong and safer this way.

Reviewer: The spec doesn't call it a semantic version but a "full version" or a "build version" (https://wicg.github.io/ua-client-hints/#sec-ch-ua-full-version-list) and the examples it gives are not semantic versions:

>  "72.0.3245.12", "3.14159", or "297.70E04154A"

(semantic versions need to be X.Y.Z, and the different parts have particular semantics.)

Trying it out in https://user-agent-client-hints.glitch.me/?uach=Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version&uach=Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List, with Chrome, I see:

> Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version: "96.0.4664.93"

(or at least so I understand, but maybe I'm misunderstanding something?)

<table class="properties">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Header type</th>
      <td>
        {{Glossary("Request header")}},
        {{Glossary("Client hints","Client hint")}}
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">{{Glossary("Forbidden header name")}}</th>
      <td>yes</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> The **`Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List`** header provides the brand and full semantic version for each brand associated with the browser, in a comma-separated list.

Author: ```suggestion
The **`Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List`** header provides the brand and full version information for each brand associated with the browser, in a comma-separated list.
```

A brand is a commercial name for the user agent like: Chromium, Opera, Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Firefox, and Safari.
A user agent might have several associated brands.
For example, Opera, Chrome, and Edge are all based on Chromium, and will provide both brands in the **`Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List`** header.

The header therefore allows the server to customise its response based on both shared brands and on particular customisations in their specific respective builds.

The header may include "fake" brands in any position and with any name.
This is a feature designed to prevent servers from rejecting unknown user agents outright, forcing user agents to lie about their brand identity.

> > **Note:** This is similar to {{HTTPHeader("Sec-CH-UA")}}, but includes the full semantic version number instead of the signficant version number for each brand.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This is similar to {{HTTPHeader("Sec-CH-UA")}}, but includes the full version number instead of the significant version number for each brand.
```

## Syntax

> A comma separated list of brands in the user agent brand list, and their associated full semantic version number.

Author: ```suggestion
A comma separated list of brands in the user agent brand list, and their associated full version number.
```

The syntax for a single entry has the following format:

```http

> Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List: "<brand>";v="<semantic version>", ...

Author: ```suggestion
Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List: "<brand>";v="<full version>", ...
```

```

### Directives

- `<brand>`
  - : A brand associated with the user agent, like "Chromium", "Google Chrome", or an intentionally incorrect brand like `"Not A;Brand"`.

> - `<semantic version>`
>   - : A full semantic build number, such as 98.0.4750.0.

Author: ```suggestion
- `<full version>`
  - : A full version number, such as 98.0.4750.0.
```

## Examples

A server requests the `Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List` header by including the {{HTTPHeader("Accept-CH")}} in a _response_ to any request from the client, using the name of the desired header as a token:

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Accept-CH: Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List
```

> The client may then opt-in to providing the hint, and add the `Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List` header to subsequent requests, as shown below:

Author: ```suggestion
The client may choose to provide the hint, and add the `Sec-CH-UA-Full-Version-List` header to subsequent requests, as shown below:
```
